---
layout: post
title:  "hi"
date:   2026-04-22T12:03:30+1000
categories: ramble
---

Hi.

Thanks for stopping by. I decided to start this blog, primarily, because I don't know where I fit in the world right now. Things aren't dire or anything (or, at least, they aren't any more dire than they are for any other programmer living right now), but they don't feel right. I'm sure they don't feel right for most people, but they also don't feel right in a way that is personal to me.

I've always loved learning. I love learning and I always will love learning. It's how I interact with the world. Show me something I'll learn all I can about it. Put me in front of a new person and I'll learn about *them*. But at some point, I don't really know when, that love started to feel hollow. Wonderful, yet pointless. I remember feeling like it was just a phase. That, if I just kept my nose to the grindstone, something "meaninful" would come along again soon. And then it didn't. "A little longer, I guess", I thought. But no. It never came. Don't get me wrong, I love my life, but it's not enough. I know that sounds childish, but it's true and I haven't been able to escape it. I know too that we all feel that. Maybe it's different for me than it is for you, and maybe it isn't. Either way, I'm starting this blog in an attempt to do something about it.

Another big reason I'm starting it is because I love writing. For lots of reasons: My dad had a bookshop, I've lived my life on computers and the internet, and (as I've said) I love learning. Writing is how all of the really good stuff is (well, maybe other than the pub and over the dinner table). I don't consider myself a good writer. I either say too much or not enough. I tend to overstructure anything longer than a paragraph. But I don't think that matters. I've long since wanted to pay (at least a little) tribute to all the heroes I've had over the years by following in their footsteps, and I've let my anxieties keep me from doing it. Well, now I'm fighting anxiety with anxiety. What's the harm anyway? When you're as much of an overthinking doofus as I am, embarassment is far from the worst thing that is or could be going on.

So, that's me then. Or at least as much as you're going to get in this sitting. I'm sure it's most likely that there isn't really a "you" there. This is just some random dude's blog and I wouldn't fault anyone for not reading it. But that's ok. This isn't for you yet. This is just me turning the engine over and seeing if I can get the car started. Off you go then. Nothing to see here.
